DOCS-920: update gps-nmea config page and connection configs snippet (#1497)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/components/movement-sensor/connection.md

For a movement sensor communicating over serial, you'll need to include a `serial_attributes` field containing:

Name | Type | Default Value | Description
---- | ---- | ------------- | -----
`serial_path` | string | - | The name of the port through which the sensor communicates with the computer.
`serial_baud_rate` | int | 115200 | The rate at which data is sent from the sensor. Optional.
Name | Type | Inclusion | Description
---- | ---- | --------- | -----------
`serial_path` | string | **Required** | The name of the port through which the sensor communicates with the computer.
`serial_baud_rate` | int | Optional | The rate at which data is sent from the sensor. <br> Default: `115200`
---

> Serial communication uses a filepath instead of relying on any specific piece of board hardware, so no "board" attribute is needed when configuring a movement sensor with this communication method.

Reviewer: thoughts on removal?

Reviewer: nvm I think I get it

For a movement sensor communicating over I<sup>2</sup>C, you'll need a `i2c_attributes` field containing:

Name | Type | Default Value | Description
---- | ---- | ------------- | -----
`i2c_bus` | string | - | The name of I<sup>2</sup>C bus wired to the sensor.
`i2c_addr` | int | - | The device's I<sup>2</sup>C address.
`i2c_baud_rate` | int | 115200 | The rate at which data is sent from the sensor. Optional.
Name | Type | Inclusion | Description
---- | ---- | --------- | -----------
`board` | string | **Required** | The `name` of the [board](/components/board/) to which the [I<sup>2</sup>C](/components/board/#i2cs) connection is being made. This attribute is only required for the `gps-nmea` model.
`i2c_bus` | string | **Required** | The name of the [I<sup>2</sup>C bus](/components/board/#i2cs) wired to the sensor.
`i2c_addr` | int | **Required** | The device's I<sup>2</sup>C address.
`i2c_baud_rate` | int | Optional | The rate at which data is sent from the sensor. Optional. <br> Default: `115200`
---

> You'll also need to configure the `board` attribute with the name of the board to which the I<sup>2</sup>C connection is being made.

Reviewer: Why is this being removed?

Reviewer: nvm

        "<whatever other attributes>": "<example>",
        "connection_type": "I2C",

>         // "board": "<name of board, e.g. local>"  Include if "model": "gps-rtk"

Reviewer: e.g. should throw a linter warning... -> for example

>         // "board": "<name of board, e.g. local>"  Include if "model": "gps-rtk"

Author: ```suggestion
        // "board": "<name of your board>"  Include if "model": "gps-rtk"
```

        "i2c_attributes": {
            "i2c_addr": 111,
            "i2c_bus": "1",

>             // "board": "<name of board, e.g. local>"  Include if "model": "gps-nmea"

Author: ```suggestion
            // "board": "<name of your board>"  Include if "model": "gps-nmea"
```
